Cards/CardReference.md, before:

# Card Reference

This document acts as a reference for which cards are part of this mod.

| Done? | Rarity | Name | Cost | Effect | Upgrade A | Upgrade B |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| Yes | Common | Incinerate | 1 | Attack 0. Enemy gains 3 heat. | Before attack, apply 1 smoldering (outgoing). | Attack 0 x 2, apply burn on both attacks. |
| Yes | Common | Dragon Claw | 2 | Attack 1 x 2. Enemy gains 1 flammable on second attack. | Increase attack to 2 x 2. | Enemy gains 2 heat on first attack. |
| Yes | Common | Flame Charge | 0 | Attack 1. Gain 1 evade. Gain 2 heat. | Reduce heat gain to 1. | Increase cost to 1. Increase attack to 2 and evade to 2. |
| Bug | Common | Dragon Breath | 1 | Attack 0. Enemy gains 1 heat. If enemy is overheated, they also gain 1 flammable. | Increase cost to 2. If overheated, enemy gains 2 flammable instead of 1. | Enemy gains 2 heat instead of 1. |
| Yes | Common | Psychic | 2 | Gain 1 evade. Gain 2 temp shield. Enemy is moved one to the left (flippable). | Card gains retain. | Gain 2 real shield instead of temp shield. |
| Yes | Common | Will-O-Wisp | 0 | Enemy gains 2 heat (outgoing). Gain 1 temp shield. Gain 1 heat. | Enemy instead gains 2 heat twice. Gain 2 heat instead of 1. | Enemy also gains 1 smoldering beforehand. Increase cost to 1. |
| Yes | Common | Heat Wave | 1 | Enemy gains 1 smoldering and 2 heat (outgoing). Gain 1 heat. | Increase to 2 smoldering. Gain 3 heat instead. | Remove self heat gain. |
| No | Common | Facade | 1 | Attack 2. If this hits an overheated enemy, attack 2 again. | Second attack instead deals 4 damage. | Add pierce to both attacks. |
| Yes | Common | Light Screen | 1 | Gain 1 temp shield. Reduce heat by 1. | Reduce cost to 0. | Gain 2 temp shield. Reduce heat by 2. |

Commit message:

Document Uncommon Cards, Add Notes

Cards/CardReference.md, after:

# Card Reference

This document acts as a reference for which cards are part of this mod.

| Done? | Rarity | Name | Cost | Effect | Upgrade A | Upgrade B |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| Yes | Common | Incinerate | 1 | Attack 0. Enemy gains 3 heat. | Before attack, apply 1 smoldering (outgoing). | Attack 0 x 2, apply burn on both attacks. |
| Yes | Common | Dragon Claw | 2 | Attack 1 x 2. Enemy gains 1 flammable on second attack. | Increase attack to 2 x 2. | Enemy gains 2 heat on first attack. |
| Yes | Common | Flame Charge | 0 | Attack 1. Gain 1 evade. Gain 2 heat. | Reduce heat gain to 1. | Increase cost to 1. Increase attack to 2 and evade to 2. |
| Bug | Common | Dragon Breath | 1 | Attack 0. Enemy gains 1 heat. If enemy is overheated, they also gain 1 flammable. | Increase cost to 2. If overheated, enemy gains 2 flammable instead of 1. | Enemy gains 2 heat instead of 1. |
| Yes | Common | Psychic | 2 | Gain 1 evade. Gain 2 temp shield. Enemy is moved 1 to the left (outgoing, flippable). | Card gains retain. | Gain 2 real shield instead of temp shield. |
| Yes | Common | Will-O-Wisp | 0 | Enemy gains 2 heat (outgoing). Gain 1 temp shield. Gain 1 heat. | Enemy instead gains 2 heat twice. Gain 2 heat instead of 1. | Enemy also gains 1 smoldering beforehand. Increase cost to 1. |
| Yes | Common | Heat Wave | 1 | Enemy gains 1 smoldering and 2 heat (outgoing). Gain 1 heat. | Increase to 2 smoldering. Gain 3 heat instead. | Remove self heat gain. |
| No | Common | Facade | 1 | Attack 2. If this hits an overheated enemy, attack 2 again. | Second attack instead deals 4 damage. | Add pierce to both attacks. |
| Yes | Common | Light Screen | 1 | Gain 1 temp shield. Reduce heat by 1. | Reduce cost to 0. | Gain 2 temp shield. Reduce heat by 2. |
||||||||
| No | Uncommon | Dragon Pulse (*buff this card, maybe add heat?*) | 2 | Attack 2. If enemy is overheated, they also gain 1 flammable. | Increase attack to 3. | Add pierce to attack. |
| Yes | Uncommon | Extrasensory (*consider adding retain?*) | 1 | Enemy is moved 2 to the left (outgoing, flippable.) | This ship also moves 1 to the right (flippable). | Enemy instead moves 3 to the left (outgoing, flippable). Gain 1 evade. Gain 1 heat.
| No | Uncommon | Sunny Day | 2 | Change field effect to solar flare. Exhaust. | Enemy ship also gains 2 heat. | Also gain 1 energy next turn. |
| Yes | Uncommon | Hone Claws | 1 | Gain 2 overdrive. Gain 2 heat and 1 flammable. | Instead gain 1 powerdrive. Gain 3 heat and 1 flammable. Card gains exhaust. | Reduce cost to 0. |
| No | Uncommon | Solar Beam (*change cost to 1 maybe?*) | 2 | Deal 1 damage for each heat on the enemy. Exhaust. | Increase dmage by heat on self. | Change cost to 3. Do not exhaust. |
| Yes | Uncommon | Fire Fang | 1 | Attack 1. Enemy gains 1 heat. Reduce heat by 1. | Enemy gains 1 smoldering instead of heat. | Increase attack to 3 and add pierce. Gain 1 heat instead. |
| No | Uncommon | Imprison | 2 | Cancel all enemy's non-attack actions (outgoing). | Reduce cost to 1. | Cancel all enemy actions. End your turn. |
| Yes | Uncommon | Overheat | 1 | Enemy gains 3 heat and 1 flammable (ougoing). Gain 3 heat. | Reduce self heat gain to 2. | Enemy also gains 1 smoldering beforehand. |
